README.md, before:

# Unreal Engine 4.27.2 Game Templates

These files are copied directly from Unreal Engine Version 1.27.2's Templates directory. Anyone can grab them by downloading 4.27.2 and then taking them from the ./templates directory.

Just remember, if you go that route instead of using this repo, to grab the TemplateResources folder too!

## Disclaimer and copyright

I provide NO WARRANTY or guarantee that these files will be fully compatible with later versions
of Unreal Engine. By using these files you agree that you will not hold me accountable if
anything goes pear shaped.

These files are © Epic Games. I claim ZERO ownership over anything in this archive. All I've
done is redownload 4.27.2, copy out the missing templates and their associated files in
TemplateResources, and put them in an easily sharable format. ♥

## INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:

Simply unzip the contents of this archive into your Epic Games\UE\_[version]\Templates foulder.
NOTE: If you receive a ppopup asking if you want to replace or skip, you can safely skip, as those
files already exist generated by your UE version.

That's it! You should now see the following additional templates when you next load up
Unreal Engine, under 'Games':

- 2D SideScroller
- Flying
- Puzzle
- SideScroller

  Yes, there are two Sidescroller templates. 2D is, obviously, intended for 2D sprites (e.g. Cuphead, Metroidvania, etc.)

Commit message:

Include missing FeaturePack+Samples Re-organize Repo Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Unreal Engine 4.27.2 Game Templates

These files are copied directly from Unreal Engine Version 4.27.2's "FeaturePacks", "Samples", and "Templates" directories.

In addition, I've included the missing TemplateResources subfolder and files.

## Disclaimer and copyright

I provide NO WARRANTY or guarantee that these files will be fully compatible with later versions
of Unreal Engine. By using these files you agree that you will not hold me accountable if
anything goes pear shaped.

These files are © Epic Games. I claim ZERO ownership over anything in this archive. All I've
done is redownload 4.27.2, copy out the missing templates and their associated files in
TemplateResources, and put them in an easily sharable format. ♥

## INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS:

Download as ZIP file, git clone, or whatever your preferred method of grabbing repositories is. Place the FeaturePacks, Samples, and Templates folders into your \*/Epic Games/UE 5.x folder. If it asks you to overwrite anything, you can safely skip those files, as it probably means I accidentally copied something that was present in UE5.

## What's inside

This repo restores the following templates, their associated FeaturePacks, and the MobileStarterContent pack:

- TP_2DSideScroller
- TP_2DSideScrollerBP
- TP_Flying
- TP_FlyingBP
  -TP_HololensBP
- TP_Puzzle
- TP_PuzzleBP
- tp_Rolling
- TP_RollingBP
- TP_SideScroller
- TP_SideScrollerBP
- TP_TwinStick
- TP_TwinStickBP
- TP_Vehicle
- TP_VehicleAdv
- TP_VehicleBP

Note: Ue 5.x includes TP_VehicleAdvBP already.

Enjoy!
♥ ScaerieTale
